feat: add cargo build config and prebuilt support (#91)
vercel-community/rust: README.md

Furthermore, more system dependencies can be installed at build time with the presence of a shell `build.sh` file in the same directory as the entrypoint file.

## Prebuilt Deployments

> For creating a prebuilt deployment, you can create a Cargo build configuration in `.cargo/config.toml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a prebuilt deployment, the build output must be for x86_64 linux. To do this, create a Cargo build configuration at `.cargo/config.toml` with the following contents:
```

Reviewer: or smth, idk.

```toml
[build]
target = "x86_64-unknown-linux-musl"

# Uncomment below to support Rust cross-compilation from macOS to Linux
# Follow these installation instructions: https://github.com/chinedufn/cross-compile-rust-from-mac-to-linux
# [target.x86_64-unknown-linux-musl]

> # linker = "x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu-gcc"

Reviewer: Is it poss to recommend cargo-zigbuild or cargo-lambda instead?

Reviewer: Oh i see, it's overriding the linker, not the toolchain. 🤔

Author: Hm we'd need to allow overwriting the build command in the npm module then as we'd need to generate a CLI-compatible build output.
